# bueno-run-proxies | PENNANT

<br/>

## Quick Start:

Execute the bueno run script with default configuration parameters and
assumed build location of [PENNANT](https://github.com/lanl/PENNANT).
```Shell
# Generic, non-containerized application
$ bueno run -a none -p bueno_pennant.py

# With containerized application
$ bueno run -i ~/bueno-proxies-src/pennant/test-pennant.tar.gz -p bueno_pennant.py
```

<br/>

## Experiment Configuration:

Experiment configuration can be modified in experiments/config. The options
present in config include the experiment name, description, PENNANT executable
location, and PENNANT input file. Also customizable in this file are the
iterative run commands. The run commands define the inclusive range of numbers
to be tested, the format of the command being passed to the terminal. It's in
this final item that PENNANT's input and output file is defined.
```
# Custom bueno run script for PENNANT.
# --csv-output data.csv
# --description 'bueno run script for pennant.'
# --executable '~/PENNANT/build/pennant'
# --input './experiments/config'
# --name 'pennant'
# --runcmds "0, 5, 'mpirun -n %n', 'nidx + 1'"
{} ./experiments/nohsmall/nohsmall.pnt
```

> ### Note: <br/>
> The input defined is the config file for the run script and is not to be
> confused with the pennant input file noshsmall.pnt, likewise, the
> experiment's csv output file is distinct from the output file generated by
> pennant. <br/> <br/>
> If you change the location of or use a different PENNANT input file, the
> configuration flag will also need to be set/updated:
> <br/> # --pinfile './experiments/new_input'
> <br/> {} ./experiments/new_input

<br/>

## Data Acquisition:

To reiterate, modifications to the bueno run script should be defined in the
above config file rather than directly in bueno_pennant.py. While the settings
are mirrored in the run script, the input file is consulted at run time and
the defaults are overridden with the parameters found in experiments/config.

However, should more or alternative data presented in PENNANT's output be the
subject of interest, changes can be made to the parse_output function in
bueno_pennant.py to accommodate. All of the information printed to the terminal
by PENNANT in the current experiment iteration is accessible as a list of
strings.

<br/>

## Post Analysis:

After execution, the metadata files are stored in the new directory, the name
of which is determined by the experiment name flag in config. Exploring within
each experiment result is saved in a time stamped and numbered directory
hierarchy. The run script's post action creates several files containing
information for post analysis: data.csv among them.

<br/>

## Los Alamos National Laboratory Code Release
C19133 [bueno](https://github.com/lanl/bueno)

<br/>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Last Modified - 02/03/2021